[FIX] - remote snippets (#231)
polkadot-developers/polkadot-docs: develop/parachains/intro-polkadot-sdk.md

## Introduction

> The [Polkadot SDK](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/tree/polkadot-stable2412){target=\_blank} is a powerful and versatile developer kit designed to facilitate building on the Polkadot network. It provides the necessary components for creating custom blockchains, parachains, generalized rollups, and more. Written in the Rust programming language, it puts security and robustness at the forefront of its design.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Polkadot SDK](https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/tree/{{dependencies.polkadot_sdk.stable_version}}){target=\_blank} is a powerful and versatile developer kit designed to facilitate building on the Polkadot network. It provides the necessary components for creating custom blockchains, parachains, generalized rollups, and more. Written in the Rust programming language, it puts security and robustness at the forefront of its design.
```
